(KAGURA) In the past, Yagura,
the Fourth Mizukage... ruled
this village through fear.
I am Yagura's grandson.
The blood of that mass murderer
courses through my veins.
I could never succeed him as one
of the Seven Ninja Swordsmen and
lead this village.
I should be satisfied to be
Chojuro's aide.
At least, that's what I
thought...
...until I met...
Boruto Uzumaki.
[grunt]
The test... to wield the
Hiramekarei Swords...
I would like to take it.
I believe I am ready to wield
Hiramekarei, the Great Twin
Swords.
I would like to take the test.
You would, would you? I'm glad
to hear it, Kagura.
Before you were born, our
village in the Land of Water was
involved in a conflict known as
the Fourth Great Ninja War.
By the end of that war...
more than a fifth of the men
and women fighting for the
Allied Shinobi Forces
fell and were lost.
I have nothing but the greatest
respect for you,
and for all who fought so
bravely to end the war.
There were many shinobi who
sacrificed themselves to make
that outcome possible.
They all believed in and shared
the same vision for the future.
A future where each and every
village and villager had a
stake.
And that is why... I want to
pass on the Hiramekarei...
to a young shinobi who
can carry that torch.
I'm sure those who went before
us would agree.
I will take the utmost care of
it.
Hiramekarei... the Great Twin
Swords.
[grunts]
(BORUTO) Pretty sweet sword you
got there.
So what's up? Why'd you want to
see me so late, huh?
Sorry about that. I wanted you
to see this before I showed it
to anybody else.
Huh?
The person entrusted with the
possession of these swords...
will be the one to forge the
future of our village.
Boruto... your words helped me
come to my decision.
Aw, c'mon, I didn't do anything
really!
Not so. You spoke the truth.
In the end, blood ties aren't
what matters.
I'm the only one who can
choose how to live my life.
That sounds great, Kagura!
If you're gonna be the village
leader, then I know it'll be in
good hands.
I only hope I can live up to
such a great honor.
Oh I completely guarantee you
will.
You're gonna be awesome!
It's strange, but just hearing
you say that makes me believe I
can do it.
Well, I'm a good judge of
people, ya know.
[laughing]
[chuckling]
[gasps]
[groans]
[panicking]
[snarl]
It's been a while since we
met... Huh, Kagura?
[gasp] It's you!
Huh? Ah!
What're you doing?!
Shizuma, sir!
Hello, Kagura... And there's
Boruto Uzumaki with you!
[gasp] Wait. You were with the
guys at the harbor!
My name's Shizuma Hoshigaki.
It seems some of my errand boys
caused you a bit of trouble
yesterday. So sorry.
Does that mean the guys who
kidnapped Denki answer to you?
Well! We ended up beating them
all at their own game anyway.
It seems the younger ones are
quite riled up.
And I blame all of it on the
senseless reconciliation policy.
[irritated grunt]
So why'd you decide to come here
tonight? You've sure got a funny
way of introducing yourself.
Mr. Shizuma...
Hm?
Seeing what happened during your
most recent mission...
shouldn't you be showing
more self‐restraint?
Yet here you‐‐
That's not really how it works.
One must cast off their
self‐restraint.
[speechless]
Yeah‐ I totally agree with that
line of thinking!
And after all...
it won't be long before we don't
have to take orders from our
current Mizukage.
Hm?
What exactly do you mean?
What else could I mean? The time
has finally come for a war to
reclaim our dignity.
What did you just say?
Ah, come off it! You've gotta be
crazy or half‐asleep!
[seething]
[grunt]
Oh, I'm perfectly sane and
these eyes are wide open.
Kagura... you now have the Great
Twin Swords. It is time for you
to act.
We kill the Hokage's son first,
and then we declare war.
What?! That's insane! There's
not gonna be any war!
He's right, Mr. Shizuma!
The world has only just started
down the path to peace.
And I am determined to use this
sword to further that purpose.
"The path to peace"? Don't be so
naive‐ Mei Terumi and Chojuro
are merely stringing you along.
I believe Lord Chojuro; he's a
noble man.
This village was once ensnared
in chaos and he's doing all he
can to keep it peaceful.
That's exactly what he want's
you to believe.
Let me tell you the truth. It's
all for show!
Chojuro has his own plan:
to get rid of everyone who
doesn't agree with him.
Impossible...
Countless villagers were scarred
by the war and every day their
suffering continues.
Don't tell me this is news to
you.
I know you, Kagura... and how
you've suffered.
You've endured so much more than
anyone else in the village.
[taken aback]
[stunned groan]
[trembling]
[powering up yell]
[grunts and groans]
I give up... please!
[growl]
Ahhh!
[grunt]
[gasps]
[whimpering]
[grunting and growling]
[straining]
[shocked gasp]
Stop, Kagura. That's quite
enough...
[worried breaths]
(SHINOBI) Kagura, what on earth
are you doing?!
Sh‐Shizuma, sir, I...
He's got Yagura's blood.
Everyone know's he's the
grandson of that horrible mass
murderer.
(STUDENT) How could Lord Chojuro
let a guy like that into the
Academy?
(SHINOBI) When he wields the
sword, he loses control and
goes berserk.
Even if he does have the
skills... we can't endorse a
shinobi like him...
What am I... What am I?!
(SHIZUMA) You're the way you
should be.
[gasp]
Fighting to kill is the one true
way of the Blood Mist shinobi.
There's nothing wrong with you
at all...
Kagura Karatachi.
Really, Mr. Shizuma...?
[gasp]
One day very soon we will usher
in a new age. And we will need
warriors just like you.
[gasp and tremble]
Kagura... I will always be there
to protect you.
[trembling breaths]
[grunt]
Mr. Shizuma! I know you've
defended me for many years and
I'll always be grateful.
But you've reached a point where
I cannot go along with you.
If you keep inciting this kind
of trouble throughout the
village...
I'll be forced to obey
orders and punish you.
Punish me? [chuckle] The only
person you really need to be
punishing is Chojuro.
[gasp]
[wincing]
Chojuro's the one. He's been
using assassins to get rid of
insurgents.
[gasp]
Hey! Kagura! What's going on?
It never made sense to you, did
it?
There was never any way this
kind of "reform"
would be possible in
the Blood Mist Village.
He may appear to be calm and
righteous, but behind the
scenes, he is ruthless.
Huh?
The proof is quite undeniable.
My clan's name is no longer on
any of the memorials. Do you
know why?
The current regime wants to
simply erase every vestige of
those villagers
who were once considered
a nuisance.
The same goes for your family.
[gasp]
We will fight so that those
whose very existence
has been unjustly erased can
finally rest in peace!
Now come along, Kagura.
Remember this?
[gasps]
This is the scar you gave me.
Ever since that day, I've looked
out for you. No matter how hard
you try to change...
you will always belong with me.
[overwhelmed breaths]
Kagura, what's the matter?!
Look old man...
Old man? I may not look it, but
I'm only 18
[taken aback]
Whatever, knock it off.
Don't try to fill my friend's
head with all your ridiculous
nonsense.
You think I'm making it all up?
You can't even begin to tell the
truth from nonsense
because you've been nothing
but pampered your whole life.
Just shut up!
[chuckle]
[powering up]
[grunt]
What is it? Have I done
something to upset you?
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Time to give it a try...
[grunts]
Really?
You like that‐ you can't deflect
those with your sword, now can
you?!
Hmph! That's more like it. It's
not worth killing you if it's so
easy.
Shizuma!
[chuckle] You will address me as
"Mister Shizuma!"
Address these!
[grunts]
Buntan.
Huh?!
This childish Lightning Style of
yours is nothing.
It doesn't compare in any way to
the real thing, kid.
(SHIZUMA) Ichirota.
Right here.
(SHIZUMA) Hassaku.
Here!
(SHIZUMA) Hebiichigo.
Here and awaiting your orders!
Who the hell are all these guys?
(SHIZUMA) Kyoho.
(KYOHO) [powering up yell]
Whoah!
Ahhh!
[grunt] You really had to summon
all of them?
It's my way of showing the
Hokage's son a little respect
before he meets his death.
Enough messing around.
I know more than Lightning
Style.
Wind Style: Gale Palm!
And now this!... My own attack
Lethal Boruto Stream!
[grunt]
[powering up yell]
Water Style.
Water Forge Jutsu.
[pained grunt]
[chuckle] That was your "Lethal
Boruto Stream"? You almost had
me scared.
He's so completely pitiful, it's
not even funny.
Oh, look at the poor thing.
It's so sad; he doesn't even
have the sense to realize he's
about to die.
[pained groan]
This is exactly what the term
"fighting to kill" means.
He paid a high price to
learn it.
Boruto![grunting]
[gasping]
[gasps and coughs]
Now let me make this clear...
You are looking at the new Seven
Ninja Swordsmen of the Blood
Mist!
Ha!
Too bad there's only six of you!
Oh. You still don't understand,
do you...
Kagura... Kill the bastard.
[speechless]
Are you saying... I'm the
Seventh?
[stunned]
In the lands around the
Middle Sea, villagers are
feeling tense.
The flames of war could ignite
any moment. If the son of the
Hokage were to be killed...
it wouldn't only sink the
peace treaty, but lead to war.
In the chaos that will surely
erupt, we shall measure out
Heaven's punishment.
Yes, that is correct.
We would go to war again?
What? The old man's not coming
home again?
It sure looks that way.
But the reason your father works
so hard is because
he's doing the best he can to
make sure you two live in peace.
He wants there to never be
another war.
You've got to be completely
crazy.
As if I would ever let another
war happen. Absolutely not!
[pained groan]
Mm?
You still have enough strength
to keep talking?
Get on with it, Kagura.
[grunts]
[stunned groan]
Kagura...
You made the decision to accept
that sword for the good of all
your village.
You can't just let guys like
this change your mind!
That's right. That's the way
forward, Kagura.
And I will keep on protecting
you just like I always have.
Huh?!
Why you little‐! [grunt]
Mr. Shizuma...
Are you telling me you'll forge
a future that
is more just than the one
we are trying to build now?
On my life, I swear it's the
truth. And I don't plan to end
my life in disgrace.
Go, Boruto, get out.
But, Kagura...
My hands...
Like my blades... Are blood
stained.
And I don't want... to have to
kill you.
You gotta be kidding, don't be
so naive!
No, it's alright. My dear friend
has drawn his sword but it's
only in order to make a request.
[grunt]
(SHIZUMA) And since Kagura's of
a certain mind, if we were to
take him on...
we'd be the ones
cut dow.
[gasp]
[trembling breaths]
Huh?
(SHIZUMA) Your life's been
spared, Hokage's son.
Now go tell your father... Go
tell him the revolution has
already begun!
Let's go.
[troubled breath] Kagura don't
go!
[sigh]
I will always be the grandson of
Yagura... that is who I am.
Kagura, no! [pained groans]
Boruto... Boruto. Boruto!
Uh...
Sarada...
Oh, thank goodness you're awake.
How in the world did you know I
was‐ [pained groan]
Please be careful
I knew because he came to tell
me.
Um... Hey...
I know who you are! You're just
a thug, one of those guys who
works for Shizuma!
[pained groan]
[gasp]
No! Not anymore I'm not!
What? What the heck does that
mean?
They beat him up so badly he ran
away from them.
Seems the Shizuma guy had just
been using him from the start
and once he was done with him,
he assaulted him.
[quivering] Th‐that's when
Sarada found me;
she was the one who treated my
wounds! I owe you guys my life!
[sigh]
Boruto! Just what the heck were
you doing?!
[sheepish moan]
I‐I'm so sorry!
I really didn't know!
I had no idea Mr. Shizuma
was actually gonna try to start
a real war. I swear!
That's it? Not knowing clears
you of guilt?
[quivering] But‐but he
just kept telling us that
we were all going
to do something real great
together. I admired that.
[crying]
I thought I told you that you
were not to cause any trouble
during our field trip.
So now what are we
supposed to do?
The one thing that has to be
done... ya know?
I have to go find Kagura and
save him.
How are you gonna do that?
[sobbing]
Hmmm... Shizuma Hoshigaki?
Well he's definitely got skills,
but he was always more famous
for his bad behavior.
And now this guy's gonna stage a
coup d'etat?
Hm?
So you slipped away?
Huh.
So it was this Shizuma fellow
who took Kagura as his hostage?
No.
Huh?
Not as a hostage; they were
trying to get him to join them.
What?!
Hey... So, Hachiya! What
happened between Kagura and
Shizuma?!
[deep breath]
I don't think Kagura will be
able to defy Mr. Shizuma no
matter what!
Why not?
Because years ago... Kagura hurt
Mr. Shizuma really bad.
[gasp] So that's how he got that
scar.
Kagura is a very powerful
swordsman. That much is
obvious.
Problem is he just can't control
his emotions. He's been
traumatized...
Explains why Kagura doesn't like
using swords. Well, I guess it's
as good a reason as any.
If Kagura still feels a sense of
obligation because he once
injured the guy...
Shizuma might be able to use
that weakness to manipulate him.
Mr. Shizuma wouldn't hesitate to
do that.
Taking advantage of someone
else's feelings... That's
heartless‐!
We have to notify all the sensei
right now!
Uh...
Don't give me that look! You
can't be serious!
I'm sorry, Sarada. But this
one's my call as the trip
leader.
Nothing bad's gonna
happen on my watch.
[sigh]
It's useless trying to stop you.
So I guess I'll just have to go
with you then, huh!
Wait‐ what?!
Well, you know it is my
responsibility to keep an eye on
you during this trip.
And my job is not finished...
till the trip is over.
Unfortunately for me.
Listen, I'll never forgive
myself for the things I've done
to Kagura.
Ehhh...
Alright, then! The three of us
are gonna have to save Kagura
together!
Even if we can keep this all a
secret,
what happens if those other
guys start stirring up more
trouble...
Oh, no! You think there'll
really be a war?!
Don't get panicky. I've already
come up with an idea.
Mm?
Uh‐huh...
Now listen up... This thing
isn't the beginning of any
war...
Just a fight between us and
them!
[grunt]
[snickering] Alright. It's time
to get this war started!
[snickering]
Now we have the right blade to
start our revolution.
(KAGURA) This sword has grown
even heavier. Perhaps, I don't
have the right to wield it.
(SHIZUMA) The noble blood of the
great Lord Yagura flows within
you.
To be the next Mizukage
is your destiny.
(KAGURA) We cannot change the
past.
(BORUTO) Next time on Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations! "The
New Seven Ninja Swordsmen!"
(SHIZUMA) I'll build you a new
village...
one the blood coursing through
your veins can be proud of!